Lab Questions

1) birthday

2) song

3) 57

4) love

5)13

6)happy birthday song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is

7)sad song for the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a

8)hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey

9)little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a little girl in the world is a

10) it almost always goes to "is a little girl in the world" repeating

11) amore mio babbino caro gianni schicchi

12) love you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are

13) little girl like you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are you are

14) There are words like "you" and "are" when the most common things that follow it are each other, or
there are other cases when there are a sequence of words that follow each other

15)  well I could just use "amore" as a case where it terminates, however another case
is "hi" which produces "hi lili marleen 2006".

16) essentially what i do is create another hashmap of an array that contains all of the words that are
currently in my newly generated song title.  Each time that I add a new word, I check to see if what I
am adding is contained in my new hashmap.  If it is, I dont add it.  This means that no song title can have a
repeating word in it, which I think is okay.  The song stops generating when there is a word that doesnt have
another that follows it.  One downfall to this, is I get massive song titles, so they are more like verses in a song....

17)montana sacra nova scotia

18) The first time I run bob i get:

bob marley medley 1 allegro con la vida es el amor de mi corazon loco por ti amo solo tu me down road blues
night long way you are my heart is it up your love song about that i don't know what do we go away manger
throne grace god bless child mine all over rainbow connection 17 d minor op 64 bytes

19) The second and the third time are the same as the first. However, before I implemented my fix to reduce
repeating words i was getting output x the first time, output y a second time, and every try after would continue
to be x.  While i don't know exactly why it was happening in this case, Hashmaps aren't sorted, so It could have
been retrieving a different following word that had the same frequency, however I dont know why It was different
the second run and then back to the same output for the first run after.

20) "op 64 bytes" is one of the shortest and my favorite so far, many of my
song titles are incomprehensible.  Also "queer notions" is pretty good as well.

21) how fast it is to script something up is probably the biggest plus.  all of the build in functions are nice as well, sort, keys,
results.  Building the hashmap was too easy once you figured it out,  in a language like java, it would have had to be much
more verbose.

22) slow, perl is really slow.  For this project it wasnt too bad, but because it is a scripting language, it isnt meant for writing
huge verbose programs.  Something like this, written in c (while it probably would have taken longer to write), the hashmap
population would have been almost instant, even for the very large word list.

23)I actually really liked this lab.  I am a little rusty on data structures and it was cool to implement a new data structure with a
programming language I have never used.  The topic is also really usefull, dictionarys are great and being able to use a
hashmap of hashmaps for that is super importnant.

24) hmm, tough question.  im not too sure actually, with all the research behind it I and implentation. I would say 20hrs is a
conservative estimate.

25)
